this recipe exceeded my expectations
says all recipes members Akaya about
delicious black bean burritos and ads
who would have thought that black beans
and cream cheese would be a great
filling for a burrito alright let's get
started by preheating the oven to 350
degrees Fahrenheit then wrap to 10-inch
tortillas in aluminum foil we're using
spinach tortillas here place them in the
oven until heated through about 15
minutes next heat 2 tablespoons of
vegetable oil in a 10-inch skillet over
medium heat to the oil add 1 small
chopped red onion 1/2 of a chopped red
bell pepper one teaspoon of minced
garlic and one teaspoon of minced
jalapeno pepper
[Music]
we'll follow the advice of many
Allrecipes members here and add two
teaspoons of ground cumin and one seven
ounce can of fire roasted diced green
chilies
[Music]
next stir in one 15-ounce can of rinsed
and drained black beans and cook for
another three minutes to make the
filling creamy let's add three ounces of
softened cream cheese that we've cut
into cubes seasoned with 1/2 teaspoon of
salt or to taste and stir the filling
together cook until heated through about
2 more minutes
[Music]
remove from the heat and stir in two
tablespoons of chopped fresh cilantro
evenly spoon the filling down the center
of warm tortillas and roll up the
burritos tucking in the ends
[Music]
our recipes member HKC loves these black
bean burritos and says all the different
flavors made from a very delicious
change to the original burrito
[Music]